I conducted a performance analysis for the NBA dataset. This analysis provides a comprehensive insights into the players performance and achievement for the 2024/2025 season. With the use of power bi, I was able to analyze the data and make analytical report. This analysis is intended to assist the management in making informed decisions that will help improve the company performance in the coming years.
Key Insights :
The overall best player by performance and game scores if Nikola Jokic 
Cade Cunningham has the highest playing time overall with sum of 478 minutes played
Sum of 3-point field goals by player, Anthony Edwards leading with 58 3-point field goals
The player with the highest field goals in Giannis Antetokounmpo with 146 total field goals
Sum of total points scored by player, Jayson Tatum with 392 total point scored. 
Observation And Recommendation
The best player of the season is NIKOLA JOKIC base on game score, and the metric summarizing player performance trends. Followed by Jayson Tatum.
The player with the highest minutes played is Cade Cunningham with sum of 478 minutes played for the season.
Also the player with the highest 3-point field goal is Anthony Edwards with 58 field 3-point goals. Respectively, Gannis Antetokoun has the highest field goal with a sum of 146 field goals.
And lastly the player with the highest total point score is Jayson Tatum.
Cade Cunningham has the highest playing time overall but do not seems to appear on the boards like, players with highest point scored, top goal or even the top performing players. could it have been that he plays more of defensive position, if not then other players should be given given chance to showcase their talents.
teams should scout for players with potentials and give them playing time. 
I will recommend that the teams spend more time in practice and they should focus on a side at once, that is Monday training if focused on ball passing Tuesday should be ball throwing.
secondly the team should fish out less performing players from training and create a kind of special training for them to catch up with the team standard.
Games are won by goals and points, teams should spend a lot of time on their shooters and enroll them in special and consistent training that will help them improve.
